README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)


Project Readme:

The website 'Restaurant El Wueon' is a four-page website with the purpose to encourage new customers to a new restaurant. It consists of four pages; 'homepage', 'contact us','our story' and 'book table'.

This website is intended to give information about the services the restaurant provides, including contact information, location, booking form, fun facts, motto, as well as many photos of the restaurants food. 

The page will be color coordinated with a brown background (representing the color of food)  

The website is responsive and changes according to screen sizes.

The target audience is new customers, and returning ones of all ages. This is a family friendly restaurant, and will attract people interested in homemade chilean cuisine.


Features:

Nav bar:

There is four links to the top right of the screen on every screen. These will direct you to the page of the website you see. (e.g.Home to Home. Our story to the page our story.) You do not need to use the back or forward button on the browser, the links will take you where you need to go.

When you hover over each nav button it be highlighted with a black circle, with the page name in white still visable.

Header Logo:

You can click the header logo name and be directed back to the homepage, and this works on all pages. When you hover over the homepage name the underlines and changes color, so you know its navigation button.

Homepage:

The first section of the homepage will include a introduction about restaurant El Wueon and the experience the restaurant wants to provide.In the second section there will be three circluar images of food, thereafter opening times in a table, then a another circular image of food and then the location of the restaurant.

Contact us page:

This page will include a table with information for the restaurant including email and phone number.
It will have a range of food images in circular shape, this will be located below the contact details.

In the section there is a fun facts section, explaining the meaning of the word wueon.
Underneath there is a list of words that are only used in Chile and the translation in english.

This page correlates with the rest of the website. (font, color, background, navigation, header and footer)

Our Story Page:

This page will include a section about the story of the restaurant. This is a personal statement from the owners that will explain a little more to customers about the food style and motto of the restuarant. In between the text there will be a circular image of food. 
Below the our story section there is three circular images of food.

This page correlates with the rest of the website. (font, color, background, navigation, header and footer)

Book table page:

This page will include a form that customers can use to request to book a table. 
Here they can enter first name, last name, date and how many; each input is set to the correct input. For example you can only type a email address for the email input. 

Underneath the booking form, there is three circular images of food.

This page correlates with the rest of the website. (font, color, background, navigation, header and footer)


references of photos used:
header image is a image from: https://www.pexels.com/photo/landscape-of-andes-13203423/
the rest of the photos are my own privately photographed images.

errors: footer keep floating towards the main content on the contact us page. Tried mulitple attempts (now fixed) 
I fixed this with adding a bit more content on the contact us page, this worked nicely and helped the website correlate with the rest of the website.

Commit message:

add information to the readme document, explaining any occuring errors

README.md, after:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)


Project Readme:

The website 'Restaurant El Wueon' is a four-page website with the purpose to encourage new customers to a new restaurant. It consists of four pages; 'homepage', 'contact us','our story' and 'book table'.

This website is intended to give information about the services the restaurant provides, including contact information, location, booking form, fun facts, motto, as well as many photos of the restaurants food. 

The page will be color coordinated with a brown background (representing the color of food)  

The website is responsive and changes according to screen sizes.

The target audience is new customers, and returning ones of all ages. This is a family friendly restaurant, and will attract people interested in homemade chilean cuisine.


Features:

Nav bar:

There is four links to the top right of the screen on every screen. These will direct you to the page of the website you see. (e.g.Home to Home. Our story to the page our story.) You do not need to use the back or forward button on the browser, the links will take you where you need to go.

When you hover over each nav button it be highlighted with a black circle, with the page name in white still visable.

Header Logo:

You can click the header logo name and be directed back to the homepage, and this works on all pages. When you hover over the homepage name the underlines and changes color, so you know its navigation button.

Homepage:

The first section of the homepage will include a introduction about restaurant El Wueon and the experience the restaurant wants to provide.In the second section there will be three circluar images of food, thereafter opening times in a table, then a another circular image of food and then the location of the restaurant.

Contact us page:

This page will include a table with information for the restaurant including email and phone number.
It will have a range of food images in circular shape, this will be located below the contact details.

In the section there is a fun facts section, explaining the meaning of the word wueon.
Underneath there is a list of words that are only used in Chile and the translation in english.

This page correlates with the rest of the website. (font, color, background, navigation, header and footer)

Our Story Page:

This page will include a section about the story of the restaurant. This is a personal statement from the owners that will explain a little more to customers about the food style and motto of the restuarant. In between the text there will be a circular image of food. 
Below the our story section there is three circular images of food.

This page correlates with the rest of the website. (font, color, background, navigation, header and footer)

Book table page:

This page will include a form that customers can use to request to book a table. 
Here they can enter first name, last name, date and how many; each input is set to the correct input. For example you can only type a email address for the email input. 

Underneath the booking form, there is three circular images of food.

This page correlates with the rest of the website. (font, color, background, navigation, header and footer)


references of photos used:
header image is a image from: https://www.pexels.com/photo/landscape-of-andes-13203423/
the rest of the photos are my own privately photographed images.

errors: 

1.Footer keep floating towards the main content on the contact us page. Tried mulitple attempts.
I fixed this with adding a bit more content on the contact us page, this worked nicely and helped the website correlate with the rest of the website. 

I am continuing to research into, how to place the footer at the bottom of the page, when there is less content. 

I tried adjusting the margin top, but this was diffcult to maintain across different page sizes. As well as the positioning tools.

2.when submiting form there it reports a error 501, unsupported method(POST), this is due to there being nowhere to send the information. 

I researched into where I can send such information and discovered 'php'. I then added a php file to my workspace, but this made the form save as a file directly to my computer. 

I decided to remove this function, as this outcome is un-needed for the user. 

I will continue to look further into the issue.
